README.md, before:

# Website

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 14.2.1.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The application will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via a platform of your choice. To use this command, you need to first add a package that implements end-to-end testing capabilities.

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.io/cli) page.

Commit message:

updated readme and small scss changes

README.md, after:

# [slamdewey.github.io] (https://slamdewey.github.io/)
This is the repository for Jared Massa's (@slamdewey) Personal website, written using the Angular CLI.

This `readme.md` will be expanded as the site progresses in development.

## Project Structure
The site presented here is quite simple and uses the standard component based structure of Angular applications.
The Angular Router is used to display different components as pages, however all pages feature the [site-header](https://github.com/SlamDewey/slamdewey.github.io/tree/master/src/app/shared/site-header) component as a side navigation bar.


The three main pages of the site are the:
 - [Home Page](https://github.com/SlamDewey/slamdewey.github.io/tree/master/src/app/home)
 - [Hobbies & Projects Page](https://github.com/SlamDewey/slamdewey.github.io/tree/master/src/app/projects)
 - [Gallery Page](https://github.com/SlamDewey/slamdewey.github.io/tree/master/src/app/gallery)


## Color Palette
This site uses a 5 color palette for styling.  You may see this in `styles.css` or below:
 - primary:     `#FA7921`
 - secondary:   `#942911`
 - tertiary:    `#0D3B66`
 - highlight:   `#FAF0CA`
 - compliment:  `#B0A3D4`
